Changelog entry for mbedtls_mpi_read_string("-0") (#4323)
ARMmbed/mbedtls: ChangeLog.d/mpi_read_negative_zero.txt

Bugfix

>    * Fix mbedtls_mpi_read_string on "-0" returning a ``negative zero'' object,

Author: I meant `"-0"` as in a C string and ``` ``negative zero'' ``` as English quotation marks. But I've rephrased to avoid using the expression “negative zero” altogether.

>      which the library does fully consistently treat as equal to zero.

Reviewer: I find this difficult to read and understand what the behaviour was before and what the behaviour is now.

Suggestion:
```suggestion
     which the library now consistently treats as equal to zero.
```
